Remove Ansible 2.9 & 2.10 (#245)
ansible-collections/community.postgresql: README.md

## Tested with ansible-core

Tested with the following Ansible releases:
- 2.11
- 2.12
- 2.13
- current development version

> Ansible-core versions before 2.11.0 are not supported. In particular, ansible-base 2.10 and Ansible 2.9 are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ansible-core versions before 2.11.0 are no longer supported, in particular, ansible-base 2.10 and Ansible 2.9.
```
how's that sound?
